Explain how users can define workspace deployment labels and annotations (#1669)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/end-user-guide/partials/proc_allow-users-to-define-workspace-deployment-labels-and-annotations.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// configuring-a-workspace-using-a-devfile

> [id="allow-users-to-define-workspace-deployment-labels-and-annotations_{context}"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="allowing-users-to-define-workspace-deployment-labels-and-annotations_{context}"]
```

> = Allow users to define workspace deployment labels and annotations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Allowing users to define workspace deployment labels and annotations
```

Reviewer: Also, I suggest renaming the file itself (I don't think I can suggest it in GitHub through Suggestions =\)

Author: done

> This section describes how to customize workspace deployment labels and annotation with help of factory parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes how to customize workspace deployment labels and annotation using factory parameters.
```
